# **错误响应列表**

错误码

说明

HTTP状态码

备注AccessDenied

Access Denied

403

访问被拒绝AccountProblem

There is a problem with your JSSaccount that prevents the operation from completing successfully.

403

帐号被冻结，通常是流量超标或者其他原因引起AccessKeyLimited

The access key policy that preventsthe operation from completing successfully.

403

要创建的 Bucket 已存在 ，Bucket名称全局唯一，请重新选择BucketAlreadyExists

The requested bucket name is notavailable. The bucket namespace is shared by all users of the system. Please select a different name andtryagain.

409

要创建的Bucket已存在，Bucket名称全局唯一，请重新选择InvalidLocationConstraint

The specified location constraint isnot valid.

400

您所选择的区域不存在BucketAlreadyOwnedByYou

Your previous request to create thenamed bucket succeeded and you already own it.

409

您已创建相同名称的bucketInvalidBucketName

The specified bucket is not valid.

400

要创建的Bucket名称不合法InvalidObjectKey

The specified object key is not valid.

400

指定的Object key名称不合法EntityTooLarge

Your proposed upload exceeds themaximum allowed object size.

400

上传的数据大小超过了限制，目前最大支持单个文件大小为5GEntityTooSmall

Your proposed upload is smaller thanthe minimum allowed object size.

400MissingContentLength

You must provide theContent-Length HTTP header.

400

在HTTP Header 中缺少Content-LengthBucketNotEmpty

The bucket you tried to delete is notempty.

409

需要删除的bucket不为空BucketNotEmpty

The bucket you tried to delete hassome muti uploads didn't delete.

409

需要删除的bucket有尚未删除的上传分片BucketNotEmpty

The bucket you tried to delete hasacl didn't delete.

409

需要删除的bucket有没有删除的ACLBadDigest

The Content-MD5 you specified didnot match what we received.

400

提供的Content-MD5值与服务端计算的不匹配RequestTimeTooSkewed

The difference between the requesttime and the server's time is too large.

400

请求的时间戳与服务器本地时间差距过大，被拒绝InvalidPart

One or more of the specified partscould not be found. The part might not have been uploaded, or the specified entity tag might not have matched the part's entity tag.

400

Complete Multipart Upload时，HTTP请求中的Part在云存储中找不到，可能这些Part没有被上传TooManyParts

Part number must less than 10000.

400BadContentLength

Object content length your specifieddid not match what we received.

400ConnectionLost

Your socket connection to the servermay be lost while we receiving data.

400RequestTimeout

Your socket connection to the serverwas not read from or written to within the timeout period.

400SlowDown

Please reduce your request rate.

400AccessKeyDenied

the user already has keys.

400NoSuchFile

The file doesn't exist,please upload

the file again!

400DecryptError

Decrypt the file error, the file encrypt by bad way!

400ExpiredToken

The provided token has expired.

400InvalidRange

The requested range cannot besatisfied.

416KeyTooLong

Your key is too long.

400NoSuchBucket

The specified bucket does not exist.

404NoSuchKey

The specified key does not exist.

404InvalidPartOrder

The list of parts was not in ascending order.Parts list must specified in order by part number.

400PreconditionFailed

At least one of the preconditions youspecified did not hold.

412MalformedPOSTRequest

The body of your POST request is notwell-formed multipart/form-data.

400MalformedPolicy

The policy of your request is notwell-formed.

400IncorrectNumberOfFilesInPostRequest

POST requires exactly one file uploadper request.

400UserKeyMustBeSpecified

The bucket POST must contain thespecified field name. If it is specified, check the order of the fields.

400TooManyBuckets

You have attempted to create morebuckets than allowed.

400TooManyMultipartUploads

You have attempted to initiate moremultipart uploads than allowed.

400InternalError

We encountered an internal error.Please try again.

500InvalidToken

The provided token is malformed orotherwise invalid.

403BadRequest

Bad Request

400InvalidPolicyDocument

The content of the form does not meet the conditions specified in thepolicy document.

400InvalidURI

Couldn't parse the specified URI.

400SignatureDoesNotMatch

The request signature we calculated

does not match the signature youprovided.

403InvalidArgument

InvalidArgument

400MethodNotAllowed

The specified method is not allowed

against this resource.

405NotSuchBucketPolicy

The specified bucket does not have a

bucket policy.

404InvalidPayer

All access to this object has beendisabled.

403MalformedJson

The JSON you provided was notwell-formed or did not validate against our published schema.

400NoSuchUpload

The specified multipart upload does

not exist. The upload ID might be

invalid, or the multipart upload mighthave been aborted or completed.

404MissingSecurityHeader

Your request was missing a required

header.

400InvalidAccessKeyId

The Access Key Id you provided doesnot exist in our records.

403InvalidCallback

upload success but callback failed.

567NoSuchPattern

The specified pattern does not exist.

404InvalidTargetObjectKey

The specified target object key hasalready exists.

400BucketHasPictureStyle

The bucket you tried to delete hasPictureStyle didn't delete.

409IncompleteBody

You did not provide the number ofbytes specified by the Content-Length HTTP header.

400